The next thing that you need to install is the Exxon platform.
There are two ways that you can do it.
You can either install it on your local machine or you can run it in Docker.
Now we are going to run it in Docker, and if you haven't used Docker before, you are about to be pleasantly
surprised.
Just easy.
It is to run an application in Docker, but we specifically want to run it in Docker because our containers
needs to connect to the name of a container.
In this case, the Exxon server, and it will not be able to connect back to Oracle machines if it's
on a separate server, that wouldn't be a problem.
But for containers to connect back to local host, it will be a problem because in the context of the
container, localhost means local to the container and not local to the local machine or host.
You can see the document that we are going to use to run the excellent server in a Docker container.
So to run the excellent server, let's use the command Docker Run DSD for detached.
Else, it will be connected to this terminal.
And then let's give it a name, which refers to the container name, let's call it Exxon hyphen server.
And then we need to specify two sets of ports with Dash Space, External Port, Colon, Internal Port
1824 and all six space ports.
Eight one two four.
And then we need to put all of our containers in the same network so that they can communicate with
each other.
You can specify this with Dash Test Network space and then the network name.
Let's call ours Springbank Net.
And then we will specify the container restart policy with Dash Dash Restart, and let's make it always
meaning that it will always start up.
It will always restart if anything goes wrong with the container.
And then lastly, we need to specify the image name.
We can specify this x sonic, which is the Docker hub repo forward slash excellent server, which is
the image name Kurland latest basically saying that we want the latest version and then let's run the
Docker command again.
And there you can see that excellent server container has been deployed.
Now open your browser and navigate to local host port at 24.
There you can see the Exxon dashboard.
And there you will see the excellent server instance.
And later on, we can view the commands and queries when we start implementing microservices.